GRADUATION DAY / ROLL CALL
Welcome aboard the UNS-CV 'RIO GRANDE'
x.yy.50XXu
https://i.imgur.com/N2xNyZ6.png

---

The Ebro-class light carrier saw modest use during the late Second Expansion Period, primarily as an
escort carrier accompanying second-line naval units.

The Third Committee’s reorganization of the navy has granted it a resurgence as a fast and flexible
alternative to full-sized carriers such as the Amazon class. Though smaller than its siblings, the Ebro-class 
is nonetheless capable of fielding wings of fighters, bombers, or mounted chassis (mechs outfitted with special 
external packs containing additional power plants, thrusters, armor, and weapons for use in naval operations), 
and they serve as effective force-multipliers or patrol vessels, well able to handle themselves against pirates 
or hostile subline-equivalent Diasporan ships.

During long patrols, naval crews tend to spend much of their time in stasis (“downtime”), regularly rotating
in and out of active duty shifts (“uptime”). While the Rio Grande maintains an orbit around Cressidium,
however, the entire crew is currently active and both assisting with the logistics of transport to and from
the planet's surface – carrying everything from trade goods and gifts to exchange groups of engineers and
scientists – as well as maintaining a safe watch over the rest of the diplomatic mission. 

Fortunately, none of Cressidium’s major powers appear to present more than a limited naval threat thus far.
Without any immediate danger to confront, life aboard the Rio Grande largely revolves around
maintenance, drills, training, briefings, and all the other assorted sundry duties that come with a
posting aboard a naval vessel, not to mention recreational activities. Card games and board games
(like chess and Kapkat) remain enduring naval traditions, along with watching omninet media,
sparring practice, and competing to earn the top score on the pilot simulators.

This is how you recently graduated pilots will find yourselves in the service of the Rio Grande, transferred 
aboard the ship during her last rearmament and resupply. The Rio Grande makes for a great place to get your 
bearings, learn of the mission and getting acquainted with your newly formed squad. You all probably know one 
another from their time at whatever academy they trained at, though it’s possible this is the first time they’ve 
been assigned together as a squad.
