OUT OF THE ICE BOX / STRETCH YOUR LEGS CREWMAN
1 week away from CRESSIDIUM aboard the UNS-CV 'RIO GRANDE'
x.yy.50XXu
https://i.imgur.com/RZyxxa7.png

---

Travel via space is a long and perhaps grueling endeavor not everyone can lay claim mastery or remaining physically awake the entire trip.

Fortunately enough technology has advanced far enough that sleeping in stasis/cryo-pods or as the colonial marines and grunts would call it as "taking a nap in the ice box" is a common practice.

You and your squadmates are scheduled to thaw out of your ice box together with a batch of assigned grease monkeys (engineers), field analyst (communication operators) and some rough-necks in the next few days.

Take the opportunity to start stretching out your legs and getting your body reacquainted with movement.

Some of you might need a trip or two down the medbay and have a scheduled physical with the ship board med-officer, whether your getting stasis sickness, or will need help recalibrating your prosthethics or needing a stablizing serum for your neural bio-mods, rest assured the med-officer can help you out.

Some of you may be slightly disappointed to know that the area of space your travelling is slightly isolated to the galactic connection of the omninode and hence communication back and forth to Cradle, or to your home planet or even loved ones will be suffering a slightly time-lag. Rest assured, the ship board comms-officer is doing their best to get everyone's message across. . . but please extend your patience.
