001
the drop
start

# Mission // #001

## Mission Objectives
- ~~Rescue Captain Farris and Ambassador Bannerjee.~~
- Neutralize the enemy's comms jamming network, then locate and secure Captain Farris and Ambassador Bannerjee.

---

# Side Objectives
- Capture a VSAF Witch, (Wreck and drag the wreck back to your Deployment Zone).

---

# Mission Parameters

- Intel places the nearest transmitter within a nearby financial/commercial district. The area is densely packed with tall buildings, and there are reports that the Vestan Sovereignty has begun to deploy air assets in defense of
its strongpoints throughout the city. The existence of the jamming network also indicates that the Sovereignty forces have significant electronic warfare assets at their disposal; anticipate systemic invasion and localized sensor jamming/optical camouflage-equivalent capabilities.
- Confirmed encounter with Vestan Sovereignty Armed Forces, mechanized frames engaged and repelled on crash site.
- As your ship was shot down and veered of course from the original landing zone, your next standing objectives are to immediate traverse the city and link up with the main group that has managed to rally at FOB "SABER".

---

# Stakes

- If the players fail to neutralize the enemy jamming network on schedule, the LSA advance into Nov Elysia's central district will face heavy resistance, incurring serious casualties which may hinder their ability to retake the city effectively. Should they then fail to locate and secure Captain Farris and Ambassador Bannerjee, it will likely result in them being taken prisoner or even killed.


---

> Rested and with your bearings gathered with you and your Squad you'll need to prepare for an incoming engagement, take out the Jamming Devices of the VSAF to alleviate the jamming of communication in your area.
